well howdy there Internet people its
Bella gallon so today we are going to
talk about butter we're going to talk
about Land O'Lakes symbols in the symbol
minded we're not going to discuss
whether or not what the company did was
the right move it's the 21st century of
course it was the right move that's not
a discussion that any thinking person is
having of course it's the right move
that goes without saying that's not an
interesting topic the reaction of people
to that move however that's interesting
if you're not aware Land O'Lakes an
American butter company removed a
drawing of a native woman from their
packaging predictably a lot of Americans
are just simply distraught by this
development they are upset why why
people are asking why they did it I want
to know why people are upset it's a
symbol it's a symbol that's what symbols
are supposed to do evoke emotion create
loyalty they're there to evoke an
immediate reaction absence of critical
thought that's their job and it doesn't
matter if you're talking about a
corporate logo a traffic sign or a flag
it's there to evoke an emotion so you
abandon critical thought so you don't
have to think you just have to react
that's why it's there
symbols have been used to manipulate
those who don't want to think since
before writing and here we are the 21st
century people still haven't caught on
I've often said I don't like memes I
don't like them generally most of them
for the same reason they boil things
down to a false dichotomy or they straw
man or cherry-pick they often just
abandon all critical thought they don't
inspire it now this isn't all of them
but most of them most political memes
are there to evoke a reaction and
nothing more an emotional one and I
don't know that that's how you get
through to people people had an
emotional reaction to Mia going missing
I mean I'm pretty sure that was her name
and to prove that critical thought is
abandoned in this process I would point
out that Americans took to social media
to express their disgust with a drawing
of a native woman going missing on a
pack of butter meanwhile in this country
we have a widespread issue with actual
Native women going missing and nobody
seems to care
because they don't have a reaction an
emotional reaction to people just
symbols they love that symbol more than
whatever it is it's supposed to
represent and this is true corporate
logos and flags what happens when people
begin to love the symbol more than the
things that is supposed to represent is
the symbol becomes worthless many people
who call themselves Patriots today have
rendered the American flag worthless
because they've forgotten what it's
supposed to represent you want to waive
it and talk about your right your First
Amendment right that's plural by the way
I would point out that long before the
First Amendment was the phrase promote
the general welfare the United States is
a country that was founded on an
experiment and it required advanced
citizenship he required an educated
populace and I say that I don't mean a
college degree or even a high school
diploma I mean the ability to critically
think to think for yourself
that's what self-governance is about you
have to be able to lead yourself you
have to be able to make decisions for
yourself and ideally in this experiment
you would elect someone to represent the
decisions you would make but we don't do
that anymore
why symbols elephants and donkeys
we care more about the symbol than we do
our own beliefs butter is a divisive
topic in this country not because butter
is that important but because of the
simple because we don't think beyond
symbols much in this country anymore
that is why we are so easily led we are
so easily manipulated and we are so
easily exploited because anytime you're
chosen party elephant or donkey once
your support all I have to do is wave
another symbol one that you have pledged
your undying loyalty to and one that
many Americans have no idea what it is
supposed to represent
we should probably think beyond symbols
we are headed into tough times we are
going to have to critically think those
in power they care about staying in
power they care about using symbols to
manipulate you they don't care about you
they're not leaders they're rulers
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day